docs: PEM-11038: 4.9.b DHI ImagePullSecret + Helm Install Fixes (#10766)
spectrocloud/librarium: _partials/self-hosted/kubernetes-install/_kubernetes-install-main-chart-non-airgap.mdx

    | `ingress.enabled`                         | Whether to install the Traefik ingress controller. Set to `false` if you already have an ingress controller deployed in the cluster.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                  | boolean  |

>     | `reachSystem`                             | (Proxy environments only) Set `reachSystem.enabled` to `true` and configure the `reachSystem.proxySettings` parameters to configure {props.version} to use a network proxy in your environment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | object   |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    | `reachSystem`                             | _(Proxy environments only)_ Set `reachSystem.enabled` to `true` and configure the `reachSystem.proxySettings` parameters to configure {props.version} to use a network proxy in your environment                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                 | object   |
```

    | `ociImageRegistry.mirrorRegistries` | A comma-separated list of mirror registries in image swap format that maps public registry paths to your private registry. Refer to the <PaletteVertexUrlMapper edition={props.edition} text="Helm Configuration Reference" palettePath="/install-palette/install-on-kubernetes/palette-helm-ref/" vertexPath="/install-palette-vertex/install-on-kubernetes/vertex-helm-ref/#oci-image-registry" /> page for examples. | string   |
    | `imageSwapImages`                   | The Image Swap init and webhook images. If you host these images in your OCI registry, replace the image paths with your registry URL and namespace or project.                                                                    | object   |
    | `imageSwapConfig.isEKSCluster`      | Set to `true` if you are installing {props.version} on an Amazon EKS cluster. Set to `false` for all other Kubernetes distributions.                                                                                                       | boolean  |

>     :::info
> 
>     Include `/v2` in your mirror registry endpoints if you are using a
>     [Harbor registry with a proxy cache](https://goharbor.io/docs/2.1.0/administration/configure-proxy-cache/) project.
>     Harbor proxy cache projects use `/v2` as part of their internal URL routing for cached images. For all other
>     registries, omit `/v2`, as the container runtime automatically appends `/v2` when making API calls. Including `/v2`
>     for non-proxy-cache registries results in a doubled `/v2/v2/` path, which causes image pull failures. For example:
>     `docker.io::harbor.example.org/v2/proxy-cache-project/docker.io`.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    Include `/v2` in your mirror registry endpoints if you are using a
    [Harbor registry with a proxy cache](https://goharbor.io/docs/2.1.0/administration/configure-proxy-cache/) project.
    Harbor proxy cache projects use `/v2` as part of their internal URL routing for cached images. For all other
    registries, omit `/v2`, as the container runtime automatically appends `/v2` when making API calls.
    
    Including `/v2`
    for non-proxy-cache registries results in a doubled `/v2/v2/` path, which causes image pull failures. For example:
    `docker.io::harbor.example.org/v2/proxy-cache-project/docker.io`.
```

    :::

> <li>  Save the completed <code>{props.helm}/values.yaml</code> file. Expand the following sections to review an example of the

Reviewer: ```suggestion
<li>  Save the completed <code>{props.helm}/values.yaml</code> file. You can review the following examples of the
```
